improve opaque ports docs (#1343)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.11/features/protocol-detection.md

The following table contains common protocols that may require additional
configuration.

| Protocol        | Standard port(s) | In default list? | Notes |
|-----------------|------------------|------------------|-------|
| SMTP            | 25, 587          | Yes              |       |
| MySQL           | 3306             | Yes              |       |
| MySQL with Galera | 3306, 4444, 4567, 4568 | Partially | Ports 4567 and 4568 are not in Linkerd's default set of opaque ports  |
| PostgreSQL      | 5432             | Yes              |       |
| Redis           | 6379             | Yes              |       |
| ElasticSearch   | 9300             | Yes              |       |
| Memcache        | 11211            | Yes              |       |

If you are using one of those protocols, follow this decision tree to determine
which configuration you need to apply.

![Decision tree](/images/protocol-detection-decision-tree.png)

## Marking ports as opaque

You can use the `config.linkerd.io/opaque-ports` annotation to mark a port as
opaque. Note that this annotation should be set on the _destination_, not on the
source, of the traffic.

This annotation can be set in a variety of ways:

> 1. On the workload itself, e.g. on the Deployment receiving the traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the workload itself, e.g. on the Deployment's Pod spec receiving the traffic.
```

1. On the Service receiving the traffic.
1. On a namespace (in which it will apply to all workloads in the namespace).

> 1. In an [authorization policy](../server-policy/) `Server` object's `proxyProtocol` field, in which case it will apply to all pods targeted by that `Server`.

Reviewer: These are all numbered `1` right now.

Author: Markdown actually ignores the values and does its own numbering...

When set, Linkerd will skip protocol detection both on the client side and on
the server side. Note that since this annotation informs the behavior of meshed

> _clients_, it can be applied to unmeshed workloads as well as meshed ones.

Reviewer: nit: I think this note could be highlighted a little more by wrapping it in `{{< note > }}`. A few times I've informed users that unmeshed workloads can still be annotated and things will work as expected.

{{< note >}}
Multiple ports can be provided as a comma-delimited string. The values you
provide will _replace_, not augment, the default list of opaque ports.
{{< /note >}}

## Marking ports as skip ports

Sometimes it is necessary to bypass the proxy altogether. In this case, you can

> use the `config.linkerd.io/skip-outbound-ports` annotation bypass the proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the `config.linkerd.io/skip-outbound-ports` annotation to bypass the proxy
```
